So we will going to understand the concept of opaque pointers using linked list as an example.
So first of all, let us try to understand that how usually we write a library as simple as the library
of linked list.
So whenever we write a data structure code, we define our data structure in our high profile.
In our case, it is linked list to attach.
So you can see in this file we define the structure which defines.
The node of a list, right, and then we define the prototype of the functions, which allows us to
perform operation on this data structure.
So in this case, we have provided the prototype of the function linked list underscore insertion,
which is actually a function to insert a new node after the current node in a link list.
Right.
So, for example, we have a link list and this is the current Naude, and we want to insert a new node
into this linked list.
So this function will take the first argument as the current node and the new node, which we need to
insert in this link list.
Right.
So this node will be inserted in between.
So this new node will be inserted in between this node and this not right.
And once we prepared this header file, then we provide the implementation of these public functions
in the source file called link list start seed.
Right.
So you can see that I provided the implementation of linked list underscore in search and function in
the source files.
Right.
So this is the general steps which we usually follow in order to write an elaborate code, that is prepare
a how to file and define all the structures that we need to define and provide the prototype of the
functions which are exposed to the external world for use.
And then in the source, while we provide the implementation of all functions which perform the operations
on the structures which is defined in this high profile.
Now we have an external world.
This external world is nothing but the application file which make use of our limitless library.
So in Application C file, we usually include the header file and then we access all the structures
and members and public APIs, which is provided by this link list library.
So here you can see that we have logged on of the link list and in the subsequent lines we are accessing
the members of a. of a link list.
Also, we can make an end walk of the public API link list, underscore insertion and this application
doxy file.
So these are the general steps of writing a typical library code.
Now the question is, what is the problem here?
So now let us discuss what is the problem here when you design your library in this way?
And.